---
layout: page
title:  Calendaring Systems Bug Reporting
type: resources
---

_Page last updated 05 October 2015_

 

The following links and information have been contributed by vendor and
open source or academic developer members to provide a "one stop" source
for bug reporting for calendaring systems and applications developed by
members of the Consortium. We will periodically check with the
contributing members to ensure the information is as up to date as
possible; however if you notice that an entry does not work or appears
to have been changed, please notify is at info@calconnect.org. +
 

[cols=",,,",]
|===
|*Vendor* |*Product* |*Links* |*Comments*

|  | | |

|*1&1 Internet AG* |WEB.DE Kalender, GMX Kalendar,
http://mail.com[mail.com] Organizer, http://GMX.com[GMX.com] Organizer
|carddavsupport@1und1.de |1&1 does not yet have an external bug tracking
system; please use this e-mail address to report bugs related to
contacts and CardDAV

|  | | |

|*BusyMac* |BusyCal and BusyContacts |support@busymac.com |BusyMac does
not have a formal public-facing site for reporting/tracking bugs at this
time. Please send any bug reports to the support e-mail address.

|  | | |

|*CMU* |Cyrus |http://cyrusimap.org |Main page

|  |  |https://git.cyrus.foundation/maniphest/ |Report bugs here

|  | | |

|*FastMail* |FastMail |http://www.fastmail.com/help/ |File support
ticket; will be routed to appropriate developer.

|  | | |

|*fruux* |sabre/dav
|link:htp://sabre.io/support/[http://sabre.io/support/] |Follow from the
link provided to the various trackers and support forums

|  | | |

|*Milton* |Milton |https://github.com/miltonio/milton2/issues | 

|  | | |

|*Mozilla* |Lightning
|https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/describecomponents.cgi?product=Calendar
|Browse bugs for Lightning

|  |  |https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/enter_bug.cgi?product=Calendar |File
bugs for Lightning

| | | |

|  |  |http://www.mozilla.org/projects/calendar/ |Lightning home page

|  | | |

|*Open-Xchange* |Open-Xchange
|https://bugs.open-xchange.com/enter_bug.cgi?product=OX%20App%20Suite&component=DAV
| 

|  | | |

|*Oracle* |Oracle Communicatons Calendar Server
|https://community.oracle.com/community/fusion_middleware/webcenter/e-mail__calendar__%26_collaboration/oracle_communications_calendar_server
| 

|  | | |

|*SchedJoules* |SchedJoules |http://www.schedjoules.com/about/contact/
|Reporting bugs

|  |  |support@schedjoules.com |Comments and Remarks

|  | | |

|*SmoothSync* |SmoothSync, CalDAV-Sync, CardDAV-Sync |support@dmfs.org
or support@smoothsync.org |CalConnect Members may also e-mail Marten
directly

|  | | |

|*Zimbra* |Calendar Server
|https://bugzilla.zimbra.com/enter_bug.cgi?product=ZCS&component=Calendar%20-%20Server
|Reporting CalDAV or iMIP bugs

|  |Contacts Server
|https://bugzilla.zimbra.com/enter_bug.cgi?product=ZCS&component=Contacts%20-%20Server
|Reporting CardDAV bugs
|===