---
layout: page
title: Active Technical Committees (TCs) and Provisional Committees (PCs)
type: about
---

_Last Updated October 2020_

Technical Committees are the technical working groups of CalConnect. A
Technical Committee is established with a specific charter (scope of
work), time frame, deliverables and expected schedule, and will disband
when its scope of work is completed. +
 +
Provisional Committees may be established at a CalConnect Conference to
explore a possible new work area of work and recommend whether
CalConnect should move forward in that area, generally by forming a new
Technical Committee. Provisional Committees are usually very
short-lived, reporting out at the next Conference. +
 +
The work of Technical Committees and Provisional Committees is guided
and coordinated by the
https://public.calconnect.org/charter/charter-TCC/[Technical
Coordination Committee (TCC)]. +
 +
Technical Committees generally produce CalConnect Work Products:
Reports, Recommendations, specifications, code artifacts, etc. Technical
Committees also produce draft specifications which may be published by
CalConnect as a CalConnect Standard, and/or submitted to an external SDO
for progression within that organization. Finally Technical Committees
may also collaborate externally towards the development of material
which will not become a CalConnect Work Product but may be part of some
other joint effort. See link:../resources[CalConnect Resources] for more
information. +
 +
Representatives of CalConnect members may participate upon any Technical
Committee by contacting the Chair of the TC. Members may propose new
Technical Committees to address areas of work not currently under
consideration, and may offer a Chair for a new TC (or PC). +
 +
Click on the committee name for more information about that committee if
it has been made available. +
 +
For Closed Technical Committees please see
link:/about/technical-committees/closed-tcs[Closed Technical
Committees]. +
 +
 

[cols=",",]
|===
|Active Provisional and Ad Hoc Committees |

|iCal4J Ad hoc |Develop a CalConnect version of iCal4J usable by all
members and drive back into the mainline iCal4J

|Active Technical Committees |

|https://public.calconnect.org/charter/charter-TC-API/[TC-API] |Develop
an Abstract API for Calendaring and Scheduling

|https://public.calconnect.org/charter/charter-TC-AUTODISCOVERY/[TC-AUTODISCOVERY]
|Autodiscovery of services based on internet standard protocols

|https://public.calconnect.org/charter/charter-TC-CALENDAR/[TC-CALENDAR]
|Improvements and extensions to iCalendar, CalDAV, and iTIP transports,
including but not limited to: iCalendardiff/patch, more compact
recurrences, extensions to tasks, consensus scheduling, best current
practices for iMIP, and iTIP over HTTP (iSchedule).

|https://public.calconnect.org/charter/charter-TC-CALSPAM/[TC-CALSPAM]
|The TC aims to understand the current and potential usage of calendar
systems as a vector for delivering undesired information; devise
measures and best practices for developers and operators of those
systems to ensure legitimate usage.

|https://public.calconnect.org/charter/charter-TC-CLIENT/[TC-CLIENT]
|TC-CLIENT strives to put an emphasis on the calendar client perspective
and to bring together developers of calendar clients and those
interested in client-related topics.

|https://public.calconnect.org/charter/charter-TC-DATETIME/[TC-DATETIME]
|TC-DATETIME is the home for all date and time related work undertaken
in CalConnect and between CalConnect and external liaison organizations.

|https://public.calconnect.org/charter/charter-TC-DEVGUIDE/[TC-DEVGUIDE]
|Develop "cookbook" and supporting materials on how to use iCalendar and
potentially other APIs such as CalDAV

|https://public.calconnect.org/charter/charter-TC-LOCALIZATION/[TC-LOCALIZATION]
|Enable standardization of localization technologies and approaches, and
topics relevant to the usage of localization.

|https://public.calconnect.org/charter/charter-TC-PUBLISH/[TC-PUBLISH]
|Develop and maintain CalConnect document requirements and publication
processes for CalConnect Standards and other public documents

|https://public.calconnect.org/charter/charter-TC-PUSH/[TC-PUSH] |Define
a generic framework for push notifications within CalDAV (and CardDAV)

|https://public.calconnect.org/charter/charter-TC-SHARING/[TC-SHARING]
|Extend the existing caldav-sharing and caldav-notifications
specifications to support address books and other resource types.

|https://public.calconnect.org/charter/charter-TC-STREAMING/[TC-STREAMING]
|Define and document a streaming protocol for calendar data

|https://public.calconnect.org/charter/charter-TC-TESTER/[TC-TESTER]
|Generalize and extend capabilities of the CalDAV/CardDAV Tester

|https://public.calconnect.org/charter/charter-TC-VCARD/[TC-VCARD]
|Extend VCARD standards to support world-wide address formats and new
capabilities
|===